Docs: setup webapp (#12851)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/deployment/webapp-setup.rst

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_hosting_deployment_webapp:

==========================
Web application deployment
==========================

The following sections will configure the web application using the docker compose configuration detailed in :ref:`Container-Based deployment <doc_hosting_deployment_with_docker>`.

> The steps can easily adapted or ignored if you use the direct install method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps can easily be adapted or ignored if you used the direct install method.
```

> Obtaining the web application files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtaining the web application
```

===================================

.. _webapp: https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/releases/download/v3.9.0-rc.2/parsec-web-3.9.0-rc.2.zip

> For a given release, you can obtain the corresponding webapp files by looking for the asset called ``parsec-web-{version}.zip`` in the release's asset files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a given release, you can obtain the corresponding web application by looking for the asset named ``parsec-web-{version}.zip`` in the release's asset files.
```

#. For the current release, you can download the webapp by using this link: `webapp`_:

   .. code-block:: shell

      curl --fail -L -o parsec-web.zip \

>         https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/releases/download/v3.9.0-rc.2/parsec-web-3.9.0-rc.2.zip

Reviewer: This would make the "latest" tag (of the docs) to always point to a non stable release. I doesn't have a suggestion though, besides removing this step and letting the user find the wanted release (which is not that good either).

Author: I'm gonna left that as is, but it may be improved if we have substitution

#. Once the archive downloaded, extract it under ``parsec-web``:

   .. code-block:: shell

      mkdir -p parsec-web
      pushd parsec-web
      unzip ../parsec-web.zip

>       popd

Reviewer: `pushd`/`popd` are not POSIX.

Use `unzip -d` or `cd dir`/`cd -`

Author: done

.. _doc_hosting_deployment_webapp_minimal:

Minimal configuration
=====================

> This section will describe the minimal configuration needed for the webapp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the minimal configuration needed for the webapp.
```

With the webapp files downloaded, we need to update the server configuration to make it serve the webapp as such:

- Mount the webapp assets directory in the server container

  .. note::

     Ignore this step if you're using the direct install approach.

- Configure the server to inform where the webapp files are located

> This can be resumed into the following patch that can be applied with:

Reviewer: Resume and résumer are faux-amis.

```suggestion
This can be summarized into the following patch that can be applied with:
```

.. code-block:: shell

   patch -t -i webapp-compose-server.patch

.. admonition:: webapp-compose-server.patch
   :collapsible: open

   .. literalinclude:: ./webapp-compose-server.patch
      :language: diff

With a reverse proxy
====================

> This section will describe how to configure the reverse proxy config to serve the webapp asset files instead of letting the server do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to configure the reverse proxy configuration to serve the webapp files instead of having the server do it.
```
